Ex. 1
Design a data structure to handle the information about student. Write a program that uses definded data structure.

Ex. 2
Design a union to store an angle. An angle can be put to union in radians or in degrees. Write two functions: 
one converts radians to degrees 
and other converts degrees to radians.
Write a program that uses this union and functions.

Ex. 3
Use enum type to define months. Write a function which uses this enum type and translates names of months from english to your native language.
Write a program to use this function.

Ex. 4
Design a bus schedule data structure that contains the following data:
Number of bus,
Name of busstop,
Departure time,
Write a program that lists all buses from a busstop specified by user.

Ex. 5
Design a union to store a colour. Union should have two fields: one for name of colour and one for integer number that indicates colour.
Write a funtion to take number of colour as parameter and returns name of colour and a function to take name of colour as parameter and returns number of colour.
Use your designed union.

Ex. 6
Use enum type do define list of directions on the map. Write a function that takes directions as parameters and print arrow which points to specified direction.
e.g. Direction is east the function must print ->.

Ex. 7
Design a class to store information about student. Write two constructors and function which prints information.
Instantiate objects and check how it works.

Ex. 8
Design a class to store information about plane figures such as: square, circle etc. 
Write constructors and functions to count area, print side, radius, height etc. 
Instantiate objects and check how it works.

Ex. 9
Design a class to store information about cellphone. 
Write constructor and functions: one which prints information and one which simulates calling.
Instantiate objects and check how it works.

Ex. 10.
Design a class to store information about book. 
Write constructor and three functions, invent what these function can do.
Instantiate objects and check how it works.

